Your Majesty, Empress Dowager, urgent news.
Bring up the previous evidence.
Greetings to His Majesty and the Empress Dowager.
We are unsure of the reason for your visit, Your Majesty and Empress Dowager.
Repeat what you just said.
I want to accuse Consort Rong.
Of treason.
Consort Rong has long been betrothed.
She has long lost her chastity.
I have never made a betrothal agreement.
Stop your excuses.
My mother heard from my grandmother
That Consort Rong was engaged to
Minister Shen Wu of the Ministry of Justice.
It can't be false.
Long Fei,
Is this true?
Reply to the Emperor.
This subject has never been betrothed.
When I was 13, my father asked me
If I had a suitor.
I said no.
Not long after,
My father passed away.
Impossible.
You and Shen Wu have been childhood sweethearts.
And you both were raised by your grandfather.
I suspect
That you two
Have already been involved privately.
You’re being ridiculous.
You can spread rumors,
But I dare not slander my grandfather.
If you keep this up,
I’ll kill you.
Please, Your Majesty, see clearly.
My father was upright and honorable.
If he had betrothed me to Shen Wu,
It would be laughed at by the world.
The Shen family would not come looking.
That’s because you have already entered the palace.
The Shen family doesn’t dare approach you.
Your Majesty, Shen Wu.
I ask you, do you have any betrothal agreement with Consort Rong?